hello friends welcome to this new
tutorial where I will show you how to download
and install uib account manager which is a
program that allows them to record and xosé
wii games in homework and in micro usb
it's obviously your wii console and you should
have the virtual chip to be able to run
these games good let's start first
they should go to the description of the video
where will I leave the download link of the
Program
Y
finished the download we will have a
fit file that we will open with wifi
then we created a folder in the
desk where we are going to extract all
the archives of the film
in the cip will come two executables of the
program 1 for 32 bits and the other for
64 bits choose the one of your system
operative and the other erased
ah
finally if they want the folder that
created on the desk they cut it and the
they stick where they want it to be installed
the program
now I will explain a little how
this program works in the part where
says files is where children are added
of the games they want to record in
where it says dvd is where you select the
unit where the dvd is located for
be able to record a game on a disc only
they go where it says files they select the
iso they want to record and being in the
tab files give you where it says
transfer and select where it says
homework and will automatically start the
process of transfer from iso to dvd
to pass an iso to an usb like they're going
for them they select Swiss and then
they go where tribune says and
select the unit of your usb equal
that the previous process give you transfer
and select driver and ready only
will stop the game that you want
notice on a DVD you can have only one
game on a usb you can have several
depending on the capacity of this
well that has been all comment
subscribe be light that soon there will be
more videos